Miss Tang Tang is here
Miss Tang
You are not very arrogant
It's not that I look down on Tang's Tang
Now Miss Tang is here in person
Want to try
Your wife?
Really?
Miss Tang Tang
I need a red envelope for a ceremony.
Please pay
Ah.
Miss Tang, this is not the matter of the palace manager
It's all that villain Qin Yifang
He made trouble for you
Broke the congratulatory gift you prepared.
We are going to arrest him and ask you to blame
Yes, yes, yes.
Miss Tang
Dead son temperament strategy
bold
And unrepentant
defiant
Even if we really can't help it.
That's right, Miss Kang
This person is my ex-boyfriend
Because I dumped him.
hold a grudge
Forcibly break into this banquet hall
Come here to make trouble
He not only overturned the guests of the Tang family
He also repeatedly insulted the Taoist group
I kindly persuade
He wouldn't listen.
Return the enemy story
It's so hateful
You committed my crime first
That's right, you really don't change
The crime remains the same
Don't worry, Miss Tang.
Please wait a moment.
I'll stick my tongue out
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Leave it to the two of us
Just wait and see the show
Hey go away
You are not satisfied with you.
Still not satisfied with me